refactor: Rework App SDK docs layout/structure - Phase 1 (#1248)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/application/ApplicationServices.md

> # Application Services - Overview

Author: I am leaning toward the single heading. I know we use separate headings in the others, but was thinking that this might look better. If we agree we can do a quick PR for the other to align them.

 Thoughts?

> # Application Services - Overview

Reviewer: We can do a single heading like this too. I'm not tied to either format - just noticed it didn't align with what we did earlier.

![image](ApplicationServices.png)

Application Services are a means to process sensor data at the edge and/or send it to external systems 
(be it analytics package, enterprise on-prem application, cloud systems like Azure IoT, AWS IoT, or Google IoT Core, etc.). 
Application Services provide the means for data to be prepared (transformed, enriched, filtered, etc.) and groomed 

> (formatted, compressed, encrypted, etc.) before being sent to an endpoint of choice or published back to other 

Author: fixed

Application Service to consume. The export endpoints supported out of the box today include HTTP and MQTT endpoints, 
but custom endpoints can be implemented alongside the existing functionality.

Application Services are based on the idea of "Functions Pipelines". A functions pipeline is a collection of functions 

> that process messages (EdgeX event/reading messages by default) in the order that you've specified. Triggers seed the 

Author: fixed

- The first is the `FilterByProfileName` function which will remove events that do or do not match the configured `ProfileNames` and execution of the pipeline will cease if no event remains after filtering.
- The second is the `FilterByDeviceName` function which will remove events that do or do not match the configured `DeviceNames` and execution of the pipeline will cease if no event remains after filtering.  
- The third is the `FilterBySourceName` function which will remove events that do or do not match the configured `SourceNames` and execution of the pipeline will cease if no event remains after filtering. A `SourceName` is the name of the source (command or resource) that the Event was created from. 
- The fourth is the `FilterByResourceName` which exhibits the same behavior as `DeviceNameFilter` except filtering the event's `Readings` on `ResourceName` instead of `DeviceName`. Execution of the pipeline will cease if no readings remain after filtering. 
- The fifth and sixth provided functions in the SDK transform the data received to either XML or JSON by calling `XMLTransform` or `JSONTransform`.

> Typically, after filtering and transforming the data as needed, exporting is the last step in a pipeline to ship the data where it needs to go. There are three primary functions included in the SDK to help facilitate this. The first are the`HTTPPost/HTTPPut` functions that will POST/PUT the provided data to a specified endpoint, and the third is an `MQTTSecretSend()` function that will publish the provided data to a MQTT Broker as specified in the configuration.

Author: Add `and second` for HTTP Post/Put.

See [Built-in Pipeline Functions](sdk/api/BuiltInPipelineFunctions.md) section for full list of SDK supplied pipeline functions 

!!! Note

>     The App SDK provides much more functionality than just filtering, formatting and exporting. The above simple example is provided to demonstrate how the functions pipeline works. With the ability to write your own custom pipeline functions, your custom application services can do what ever your use case demands.

Author: Added !! example

> There are three primary triggers that have been included in the SDK that initiate the start of the function pipeline. First is the HTTP Trigger via a POST to the endpoint `/api/{{api_version}}/trigger` with the message (typically EdgeX Event data) as the body. Second is the EdgeX MessageBus Trigger with connection details as specified in the configuration and the third it the External MQTT Trigger with connection details as specified in the configuration. See the [Triggers](sdk/details/Triggers.md) section for full details on the available triggers.

Reviewer: Can we move these to bullets or numbers?
```suggestion
There are three primary triggers that have been included in the SDK that initiate the start of the function pipeline. 
1. First is the **HTTP Trigger** via a POST to the endpoint `/api/{{api_version}}/trigger` with the message (typically EdgeX Event data) as the body. 
2. Second is the **EdgeX MessageBus Trigger** with connection details as specified in the configuration.
3. Third is the **External MQTT Trigger** with connection details as specified in the configuration. 
See the [Triggers](sdk/details/Triggers.md) section for full details on the available triggers.
```

Author: updated
